---
layout: post
title: "Data Visualization and Analysis on Movie Industry through Movie Ratings"
categories: [Homework]
tags: [homework,99%]
share: true
image:
  feature: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1478720568477-152d9b164e26?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&dl=j39x2xx_8cq-jeremy-yap.jpg&s=4cd169c066b2dcd848786a95e1eff833
  credit: Jeremy Yap
  creditlink: https://unsplash.com/@jeremyyappy

---

 | Yadong Li | Na Liu | Xiangwei Shi | Feng Lu |

> IN4400 Programming and data science for the 99% (2016-2017 Q2)
>
> Assignment 2 Group 18

Traditionally, box office is the only standard to determine whether a movie is good or bad and
to analyze the development of the movie industry. On the other hand, movie ratings
have been popular on the Internet, and it is a novel and neoteric way to
investigate the others’ reviews and remarks before you go to the cinema. Can
movie ratings reflect the development of the whole movie industry and can the
people in the movie industry know which kind of movies the audiences like from
the information based on the ranks the audiences made?

Since
1890s, movies have been existing and affecting people’s lives. With the great development
of movie technology, a movie industry has been formed from silent motion
pictures. Nowadays, not only is there the largest “movie factory” – Hollywood
in America, but also there are other industries all over the world, such as
Bollywood. For a long time, box office has been regarded as a synonym for the
number of tickets sold or the amount of money raised by ticket sales, which can
be projected and analyzed for movies and the whole industry. However, there is
a newly-spread way to know about and analyze the movies – ranking the movies. Now
let us find out how the movie ratings can reflect the movie industry.

<iframe width="900" height="800" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="//plot.ly/~NaLiu/53.embed"></iframe>

### Data Source and the tool

In order to
investigate the relationship of movie ratings and movie industry, we use the
exploratory data analysis method, which is based on the database from MovieLens



